I call this Harmontown to order. Ladies and gentlemen, how are you doing tonight? Fantastic.
Welcome to the Nerdist Theater in downtown Hollywood, California. Thank you, loyal Armenians
for being here at the Nerdmelt Nerdist Theater. And thank you for listening in Podcast Land.
Ladies and gentlemen, the last week we tabled the issue of child abuse and peeing in your pants.
Tonight's topic, we tend to discuss technology. Please put your hands together for the mayor
of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon. Thank you. You're very kind. You're good people. Very excited.
I'm in a very good mood tonight. Why is that? I'm writing two TV pilots for networks that were
kicking my ass on the ratings when I was at NBC. It's very satisfying. For three years,
I was told, get higher ratings. I figured out how. I know exactly how I'm going to do it.
I'm going to go to the networks that have higher ratings. I feel good about my decision. I'm
a smirky, smug, self-satisfied, third act of a rom-com kind of mood. I just feel like I'm in
the middle of a montage where there's dissolving charts that are going up and Casey Kasem's
mentioning me and Sigourney Weaver seeing my ad on TV and changing her mind about my wacky ways.
Things are moving up for Old Man Ghostbuster. That's the reference I was making. You 25-year-old
fucks. Sorry, that's a trademark of the show. I get angry at you for being young. But I'm not
in a get-off-my-lawn mood. I'm in a get-on-my-lawn mood. Get on my lawn, you fuckers. Let's party
down like we're at a Yanni concert. There was a guy named Yanni. You young fucks. You are in a
get-off-my-lawn mood. Deep down, you are. Nah, nah. I love you, kids. I love you so much. I'm
going to write a pilot for CBS. That's how much I love you. That's a weird reaction.
Now, if I were you guys, I see that the tweeters that are coming back at me in the comment sections
under the press releases are like, well, that sucks. Because it's like, oh, he's selling out. Yeah,
maybe. I might. For like six months, I might give that a taste. I might kick back in a hammock a
little bit and get out of Hanna-Barbera remote-controlled lawnmower, sip out of a coconut.
I was told not to work so hard for three years. I'm going to put that theory to the test, see
what kind of TV that generates. Do you have any ideas? No, sir, no. No. My idea is to write
mainstream television. I mean, at some point, though, you're going to have to... Nope. No. No,
because if I said... If I first meeting at one of these places, if I say, I have this idea,
there are these firefighters. They're kind of an unlikely family, but when you join the fire
department, you're forced to work with other people. Maybe you don't like them so much.
Sounds like you do have an idea. No, I'm saying if I said this, if this was my idea, I don't know.
The first thing they're going to say is, I love it, and the second thing they're going to say is,
could the firefighters be police? And if I'm really, like, jazzed about the firefighter idea,
then I'm going to go, I don't know. I think I should be a firefighter. And they're going to go,
hmm, difficult. But if I don't care, then I'm going to say, yes, they should be police. You're
brilliant. They should be police. They only want one thing. They want you to do a good job
executing the show. The idea is not like, no, I would be, I would be doing a disservice to
television, sir, if I had an idea already before I even sit down with these people about what these
shows are going to be about. They're going to be about pickle farmers. They're going to, I changed
my mind, they're going to be about rollerbladers. No, no, you know what? Fuck rollerbladers. They're
going to be about human spiders. Unless that's not what they want. I want to see the human spider
show. It's weird because they're human, but they're spiders. There's going to be some very,
very funny situations that arise from that. You should call it a spider man. No, all right. I like
it. Spider human. Yeah, Joel, cheers wasn't an idea. That's a, that's a bar. That's what I mean. I
mean, do you, do you have your, is it a taxi stand? Why not let them handle that? Why is that the
heart, why not let them say, you know what's hot these days? Slinkies. Hey, you're right. Slinkies
with two E's and a Z. That sounds like a good idea. Now I'm making it sound like I'm going to
write something dumb. That's not the point. The point is I'm going to go, I'm going to hoist my
sails to the wind that's there. Unfortunately, I furnished the rumor mill with a lot of rumors
about what a shitty boss I was. I don't, I don't, no, I haven't seen any official like accounts of
how bad I was. Do you think that you were a shitty boss though, like by your own standards? Well,
no, not by my own standards, but the problem is it's an elitist industry. So certainly by the
standards of the poor fucker that has to haul a cable down on the set, who's, who would have to
haul it, you know, who, like his job is harder. The more I, the more time I take with a script or
something like that. So yeah, by his standards, by, by anybody's standards, who's like, who would
prefer the schedule work better? You know, yeah, I'm a shitty boss because the, because I take my
tells my work too seriously. Do you think that you can easily slip from single camera, half hour
into a multi camera? No sweat, buddy. Here's the thing, more cameras. It's like, it's like even
baseball, you give you can have two bats in your hands. But that's more cable for more sorry fuckers.
Yeah, but they're going to get home by five N word because it, because you're gonna, you know,
it's you're putting on a little play every week. You can't just say N word, but you know, I think
that you're not the people don't know what I mean. They know what you just called me. Yeah, but the
point, the point of the N word is not the actual, the word isn't like abracadabra that actually
cast a magic spell. Can you feel all the eyes burning the back of your head? Our ambassador,
African American in the front row. Yeah. The only two black people in the building are seated in
the front row right now. You're so lucky you sat in the front row because if you were in the back
or like turning, turning, but, but I said, no, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm right on this one. I don't
mind like you say the word N word, you mean two things. You know what I mean, culturally, but
also if I'm saying it instead of actually saying it, what it means is I respect the idea that it's
the, that the word is an insult. You know what I mean? Does that make sense? Yeah. Yeah, because
the word, don't ask me, ask him. The word is it. Well, I'm not going to ask, I'm also, he's not,
he doesn't get to answer for the whole race. That's racism. Fuck him or, or I love you. I don't
know. It depends on you. Your individual performance as a human being. That's non-racism is
when we don't know from, like, like, we don't think that he's talking, that he's not the Borg. The,
the, but I, like, I, I, I, the problem is the intent behind the word language doesn't, the English
language is a bunch of sounds that we make. Do you know, like, I went to Montreal, there's a
bunch of stores there called Couche Tard. To them, it means, I don't know, big savings or
something. I don't know. My sister's retarded. She wouldn't like it. Well, she wouldn't know, but,
but Couche Tard is offensive over here to both tards and couches. What's a couche? I don't, well,
it's, you know, it's what your Scottish friend would call a wizard. We just found out, we have a
Scottish friend, we just found out that a slang term for vagina is wizard sleeve. Wizard sleeve. I
thought she said wizard. I was like, that's the first great word for a vagina, like a first, like,
that's so respectful. I was like, like, like this, this oracle of, like, you're going to it for
instruction and enchantment. But, but it, but to me, to me, like, I mean, men are visual thinkers.
It conjures up a wizened old dude with a, with a beard on a robe. That makes you a hero. I, like,
that tells you when you're doing it right, when you're doing it wrong. That has all the power. I,
I, I am calling Pussy's wizards from now on. I think that's fucking beautiful. I, I, sleeve is
gross. Like, envelope, wallet, any object, like, a sheath. Yeah, obviously, what you're saying is
it's an object and that's no good. I, we stumbled onto it on accident. Call it a wizard. And if
it's really fucking nice and you really love the woman, call it Merlin. Man, I was with Tabitha
the last night. She's got a fucking straight up Merlin, bro. Man, but I was out with, I was out
with Tabitha and she's got a Voldemort man. Right? Was that a wizard? I don't know. Yeah, but I think
a good one, isn't it? I don't know. It's a Voldemort good or bad. He's bad. Okay. A guy, a guy went
like this, he gave a thumbs down. This was being shot like a multi-camera thing, like with the
audience, like, if it was like, who's lying to them, they would use you. They would cut you would
be on TV because you gave a thumbs down and he said, it's bad. Voldemort's bad. The editors would
be like, oh, I like him. I like him. See, I thought he was giving me the thumbs down because that
was not a funny enough reference. No, no, no, he's just fucking immersed. Voldemort's bad. The price
is right. Is there a funnier bad wizard than Voldemort? It has to be. Who else is a bad wizard?
Zoran is good. Zoran. Zoran, the gay wizard. The gay wand. Anyways, I think that's beautiful. The
wizard. The wizard. Baby, I'm going to go to town on your wizard tonight. I want to have sex more
than I did before. I want to talk about the wizard. I want to see your wizard. I want to go to your
wizard. I want to become a hero. Anyways, so I don't know if it's worth getting back to the n-word
root of that tangent, but... Oh, it's worth it. The English language, like any language, is just a
bunch of sounds we make to make ourselves clear. The intent behind the words we use, and it's a
beautiful thing that we're able to discern intent from language. That's the miracle. It's the intent
that you want to police. You want to know whether or not someone is actually racist, not whether
they said a combination of words that's technically racist. When you fall into that game, guess who's
really good at it? A bunch of fucking lying, shitty, racist fuckers. That's who's really good at it.
Like, look how many... As soon as they caught on to the idea that we were figuring out that bad
people are racist, like all genuinely racist, shitty, evil people do is they just put Condoleezza
Rice next to them, and they go like, this makes me a good person, right? According to your definition,
don't give them that power by like being hung up on technicalities. The idea of non-racism is that
the race doesn't matter, period, doesn't matter. Is that dumb tangent? Now I've turned into Lenny
Bruce. Anyways, I like to... I say n-word, you know what I mean. Dan and I, we don't do it as much as
we used to, but lots of times at parties, via Dan's or my place or someone else's place, we would
start freestyle rapping. You know, like some white dudes just freestyle rapping, and you know, we do
improv, so we kind of fancy ourselves, you know, good to varying degrees. Yeah, it's hard to do
freestyle rap without... You don't say n-word then, you use the n-word. And that's always when
demorts would walk by. You use the n-word, like people put pepper on their salad. I fucking love
it. And rap, that word is fucking delicious. It's like fucking licorice. We're kind of licorice.
N-word-ish licorice. If I was able to say it, there'd be a fucking awesome rhyme. We read some
part of it, and we're all going around in a circle, like, okay, it's talking about bacon bits. Bacon bits, rap. Yeah.
It's salty and brown, and you go, I want it around, put it on your salad, and n-word makes it... I don't know.
It's just fun, it's fucking, it's a go-to. It's like popping the plastic bubbles in the packing. If you're
freestyling, I mean, for better or for worse. But our friend Demorge would walk by right when you
said it. Demorge always knew when I was going to say the n-word. Because you were rapping. Yeah, he was
like, I'm going to go check that out. And that's what he sounds like. I'm not being racist. He has a
deeper voice than me. A very masculine... How about every time a Johnny Cash song comes on? Well, that's
just dicks and balls. I would offend gay people way more than before I offended black people. They
could hear what I do, what I do in the car. Or maybe not, I don't know. Maybe I don't, because I don't...
Yeah, it's almost like any Johnny Cash song. I put a hundred wieners in my mouth. I put my dick in the
north and in the south. I put my balls and anus in my dick. I suck the balls. I lick the dick. It doesn't...
It's so fun. I want to record an album. They love it. They love it. I put wieners in my balls and in my
nuts. I put my dick in my anus as a butt. The fact that nuts rhymes with butts, by the way, is a fucking
godsend. That's amazing. Money in the bank. The only thing that rhymes with mouth is south. You're
fucked. As soon as you say mouth, Jeff starts rolling his eyes like, I guess something's going to be
south next. But fucking nuts and butts. Like candies and nuts. That's fucking great for Johnny Cash
riffing. I'm telling you, listen to any Johnny Cash song, and just start tapping your foot and just fucking
go for it. You don't have to be clever. Just talk about...
I'm not as familiar with this song, but it'll probably work. I'll start. I see your wiener coming. It's
coming in my mouth. I've sucked in every direction from the north and to the south. Then I put your
balls inside me and shoved them in my butt. I got sent to Folsom Prison for licking dicks and nuts.
You take this one. Come on, Jeff. We'll go back and forth. Forget when he starts.
I put my neck inside my mama's ear. I put my shoe inside. You hear it if she's queer. And if she's
there, I say, come over here because she's gay. I fuck her ear. Everybody! See, that came off as
anti-grandma. I want to record an album called Getting It Out of My System. You should see my
girlfriend's eyes roll. It's like, Jesus Christ, when are you going to get tired of that? I don't know,
man. Dicks and balls and nuts and butts. I can't stop. You never talk about, you don't like being
alone and do you talk to yourself and you say you kind of mutter to yourself. When I'm alone at home,
I don't know if I share this with any of you out there. I live alone. I haven't had a girlfriend in
a thousand years. I'm a bachelor. I'm always either nude or in my underwear and I'm singing. I'm
rapping, I'm singing, I'm dancing and it's so stupid and I play a game with myself. Can I embarrass
myself? Can I get up to go make a sandwich from my couch and do a dance that even I go, dude, come on.
And I can. It is possible to embarrass myself. And as I told you last week, I can't do it so that's why
I have a girlfriend. I keep her around because you reminded me, I pulled this up. I want to see Jesus
Christ Superstar with Aaron in New York and there's a song in there that's like, why should you want
to know? Don't you know about the future? That song. It was so locked in my head. Jesus Christ Superstar
is filled with these infectiously catchy, earworm songs and you can't stop. If you've never seen it,
I swear it's the most obnoxious thing. It's the first time you watch Jesus Christ Superstar for the next
three weeks. Your friends are going to hate you unless they're on the same mushroom and doing it with
you. You're just going to be humming these songs and stuff. And I got re-initiated into it and I wrote
this down. This is how pathetic I am because I was like, I'm really onto something here. Why put
wieners in your butt? Don't you know your butt's for pooping? You got to keep the dicks outside. If you
use your butt for wieners, you're going to make it get too wide. I have one that I created on the
tour bus. Stuck in you. I got my penis so deep in your hole, now my dick's in your shoe. That's a
long, long way. That is a long way. Lionel's right. Alternate timeline Lionel Richie is right about
that. That's a long way when your dick's in the shoe. I thought you were going to do the Pringles
thing. We've done Pringles Dicks before. For the nation. Has anyone heard the Pringles Dicks song
here before? On the tour bus, I don't know if you guys have ever been on the road, taking a road
trip. I've traveled around with some comedians and we do a thing. For some reason, our tour manager
insists on Pringles. I don't know that any of us truly love Pringles, but they're there. They're
ubiquitous. I picked up a tin of Pringles. The full tennis ball sized canister of Pringles. I held it
to my dick. You want to sing it with me? No, you do it. Come on. Take your fun. I sit with a Pringles
dick in my lap like it's a big hard-on, yeah. Some people call me Pringles dick, but I never really
found out why. I don't really have a Pringles dick. I just keep my dick inside. I keep my dick
inside a Pringles can because it keeps my penis warm and dry. Some people call me Pringles dick, but
I never really found out. No, I never found out. I never really found out why.
It's really satisfying. We have a deep abiding passion for making up songs. We were talking weeks
ago about how we miss golfing. We were golfing nine holes. That makes it sound like a bunch of rich
twats. No, it's that shitty one in Waterville. Part three cars that cost five bucks. Everyone should
go golfing. It's a good exercise, whatever. I'm not going to sell it. Fuck you. I am a rich
twat. I was golfing with Jeff and we spent all nine holes the entire time. It just takes like
an hour and a half or something. We got obsessed. We started singing the Nightcourt theme, which is like...
A lot of you will be lost by this because you don't have that Nightcourt theme locked in your
head. I started riffing lyrics to it and then we got obsessed. We got it fucking syllabically
locked into this perfect Rubik's Cube. It has to sound exactly like the theme to Nightcourt's
lyrics that if the producers of Nightcourt heard it, they would go, that's it. That's perfect.
Nothing ironic.
Does anyone here know? Can anyone think of the Nightcourt theme?
Do you have it clear in your head?
No.
That was our challenge. We have to come up with Nightcourt lyrics that match it's syllabically
perfect that are tight, no fucking ums, playing like syllabic games where you're like no repeating
words just to fill in a syllable. But also it had to pass muster with the producers of
Nightcourt in our head.
I think if you and I stay friends until the day we both are dead.
We'll never write a more perfect song.
And also I think that was the acme of our friendship. I think you and I have never been
closer.
We've never been more productive. We've never been more joyful. We've never been more on
the same team. I'd like to present to you my theme from Nightcourt because I can't say
all that and then not do it.
Days in the courtroom aren't much fun. Come to the Nightcourt, everyone.
Your frown's on trial. Approach my smile. I sentence you to stay a while.
And we were like just jumping up and down on the knife hole like we did it, we did it,
we did it.
And it's like that video game that you know no one can understand your mom comes in and
goes why are you getting so frustrated by this thing? Why don't you just cheat or stop
playing, then you'd win and you don't understand mom. I gotta collect all my cactus coins.
Made it up, that's not a reference. There's no game out there with cactus coins.
There was the putt one, the too much pepper one too.
Yeah.
Too much pepper.
Yeah, I hit a putt. I hit it way farther past the hole than I originally was. And I went
too much pepper on the pussy. That's all I had. I just said that. I think there was families
on the adjacent holes.
And I said, not enough salt on the balls. And then we spent the next hour trying to finish
the song.
Yeah, but by the eighth hole we had, mama's in the kitchen making titties too, and daddy's
making business calls.
It took us a long time.
I was golfing on that same course that Pitchin put into Belle, and we're all terrible. But
I hit a ball. It was just the worst shot. And I yelled the C word while we're at it.
I just went, can't. And I look over and there's a father on a green right like 20 yards away
from me with two like young boys, just like staring at me. The boys don't know what it
is, but the father was giving me a look like, what are you doing? And I went, I can't golf.
I was up all night in a wizard's sleeve. I can't golf.
Well, good save.
He didn't buy it for a second.
I sacrificed my entire literary career as in books by doing this, by telling you this,
because there's a very good chance that the guy I had a conversation with on the phone
who would have been, if it weren't for me telling you this on a podcast, he would have been
my literary agent. He would have maybe introduced me to book publishers. Now he'll hear this
and go, why are you making fun of me on your thing and fuck you? But I have to tell you
this quote. He said it and I couldn't hear the next eight things he said. I was like,
I'm getting this exactly right because it's amazing what you just said.
And I will preface it by saying, if he is listening, it's not like I think that you're
an asshole or stupid or anything. It's just what you said was fucking amazing and had
to be put under glass, like the Declaration of Independence, only it's a declaration of
meaninglessness.
Was this a prepared statement that you think he said?
No, he was finding words. He's just talking. He's just talking. And this is amazing how
what the human brain can come up with when you're just talking. Because he was explaining
the current market out there. I was explaining what kind of books I would write if I could
read a book and what kind of idea would be more sellable than another. And he was explaining
the book marketplace to me and he said, you know, we are living in a world of extreme
caution, except in cases where caution goes out the window in which case things can become
quite reckless. That is the literary market in a nutshell.
I make up words when I'm talking because I don't know what to say. I'm going to string
the dots together and they might come out gay, but I don't mean homosexual. I don't want
to offend anyone. I mean gay like it was retarded. There I go, gun. There you go, gun.
By the way, my sister is retarded. Chiching. A comedic chiching.
Now was there a discussion after he said that?
No, maybe he heard my thumbs rattling on my iPhone. He was probably telling me to cure
for cancer. I was like, give me, get this right before it seeps out of my 39 year old
brain. Fred Wellard much? I was out of town. I missed the news. Well no one was there.
Or he wouldn't have done it. What do you mean you were out of town? We were all out of town.
I'm saying I had nothing to do with it. I was not around the TV or newspaper or anything.
I only bring it up because I want to talk about how insane it is that people are still bothering
to arrest people. What were the details of the actual case?
If anyone's buying admission to your porno theater, they're obviously just a pre-internet
person that wants to jerk off. Leave them alone. The idea, okay, here's the thing. If there's
a law, if there's a statute, if there's a bylaw regarding what we do with our penises
in public, it's probably well founded in some pre-internet history though. The idea behind
the first person to say, you can't jerk off in a movie theater, there's a leprechaun.
It was Sheriff O. Johnson. The idea of that was these movie theaters are so new and the
women's titties are so big on the screen, everyone wants to just jerk off everywhere.
If we don't put a cork in this, it's going to spread to the streets. That's not a risk
anymore. These are like elephant graveyards. The only thing that's going to happen in there
is a couple people that are left that don't have laptops just like jerking off. Who cares?
Leave them alone. I've never been inside one of those establishments, but it seems to me
that if I walked in there, I would see five or six guys jerking off. Why are you getting
so high-voiced about it, man? They're not entitled to it, but don't get out of flashlight.
What do you think you're going to find out is happening? What are you looking for? A
guy writing his thesis? What are you trying to dig up and look at the business you're
engaged in? Terrible. Has it been proven? I don't know anything. I'm basing on one of
these comics. I just heard a thing in the lobby, and I have no idea what actually happened.
What I do know is that apparently the only way it came to my attention was on Twitter
and everybody coming to us rescued. Nobody wants to fuck with Fred Willard. He's hilarious.
Also, there's a victimless crime. Even more than a victimless crime, he was making at
least one person happy if he was doing that. We need more of that. Go pick on somebody who's
doing something wrong to anybody. Anyways, I'm probably what I'm probably doing is contributing
to the problem because of probably the story. I didn't actually research it. But then again,
if I did, all I'd be reading is a bunch of... I was acquainted with this process. There's
a Chinese telephone that happens online, and now I'll be quoted as saying that Chinese
people are bad at making telephones. It's like the blogs, they just quote each other
now. They're gone are the days of confirming things, talking to three different sources
independently. There's no journalism left. There's just like, this is just in. Something
is just in over there. It can get pretty fucking nuts pretty fast. For all I know, Fred Willard
did absolutely nothing. He probably ate a piece of popcorn. On the off chance that he was
jerking off, I am also on his side. I would say if I saw Fred Willard or me or you or
anybody in this room walking into one of those theaters at 2 p.m., I would think that person
would go, jerk off. And if it was Fred Willard, I'd offer to let him come on my face. Now
we're getting some. Because he's amazing. Whatever. Jerking off, monkeys do it. They
do it with frogs' mouths. What's that one monkey? Everyone's just fucking everybody.
It's straight. It's gay. The bonobo chimp are closest genetic relative. The bonobo chimpanzee.
For a long time, scientists just ignored the fact that the bonobo chimp out of all the
varieties of chimps, chimps are 99% identical to us genetically. The bonobo chimp is 99
point something. It's as close as you can get to human while staying at chimpanzee. It's
our closest relative. And they do nothing but fucking jerk off. They have incest. They
have gang bangs. They have gang wars. And then they settle the gang disputes by everybody
fucking each other. Sisters and brothers and moms and uncles and fucking. And if you got
nothing to do, you're just jerking it. These are horrible. By our standards, it's like,
this is why the human race needs to give itself a break. We didn't invent anything that makes
us unseemly. We didn't invent assassination, lying, war, anything. The only thing that
makes humans different from all of our primate cousins is compassion. That's the one thing
that we bring to the table that's brand new. We bring the concept that we actually kind
of like each other and would even sometimes take a bullet for each other. That's our
thing. That's what humanity is. All the stuff that we think is like original sin and
all this stuff. It was invented by squirrel creatures that came before us. They started
lying to each other with their faces. The first thing that happened is things that were
climbing in trees, these mammals, they developed stereoscopic color vision because it helped
them, number one, jump from branch to branch. Our eyes face forward, like 3D. So you can
see in 3D. Unlike dogs and turtles and shit, you have depth perception. So you can jump
from a branch to a branch. Then the other thing is, meanwhile, color vision. Why? Fruit.
So you can tell the fruit's rotten or what the good stuff is. So with all of that, then
the hair starts falling away from the face because what's happening at the same time
is socially, sexually, politically, these primates as they became, they start communicating
with each other with these new pieces of equipment, these state-of-the-art eyes that can see in
vivid color and just maximum resolution. So the hair comes away from the face and our
musculature and our faces becomes incredibly overdeveloped so we can make all these weird
faces. Way before we could talk, way before we could do any of that, we were lying to
each other by winking and squinting and smiling. These little squirrel-like creatures, even
before they were monkeys, they were starting to do that shit. You can leverage your fellow
primate by going, hey, that guy likes you over there, not as much as she does. She says
weird shit about you, but I don't agree. Everyone's fucking with each other because it means the
difference between life and death. They invented that shit, not us. We inherited it. We don't
have to be bad people to each other. Humanity does not give itself a break. Speaking of
breaks, some of you may have been here two weeks ago and my lovely girlfriend, the love
of my life, Erin McGathy, was a guest comp-troller. You can applaud for her, I guess, but that
means nothing now that I asked you to. I don't have her back or anything. If you guys ask
me to, I'll sell her out in a second. Erin is funnier than me, smarter than me. Don't
hold that against her or anything and don't try to prove that that's not the case. But
she and Jeff are like beta fish. They both love me very much. One of their primary points
of contention is we like to have game nights and Erin likes to explain and run games. Some
of you even in this audience have been back to my place, Danadoo, where we'll play catchphrase
or apples to apples or celebrity. Erin, thankfully, because I don't want to do it, she always
steps up and wants to control the game. Jeff and her had an evening once where it was very
uncomfortable for me and that's what matters. Erin was trying to explain the game of catchphrase.
For 45 minutes. Conservatively, 40 minutes. People were peeing their pants.
Then Jeff, after we gave up, people were like, can we just drink and have a fun time? Yeah,
let's do it. Then Jeff, as a big fan of efficiency, explained to Erin privately in the corner
of the party how badly she had done explaining the game for two hours. Not true. Not true.
Yeah, there's a lot of subjectivity. No, it's not true. The important, the objective truth.
I was going to keep saying it until the behavior changed. The objective truth is that there
was a little tender spot there. It was an event. Erin has a great desire to get up and run a game
night, which is great. You need someone to do that. If you're game playing people, let's
all play catchphrase. Let's play apples to apples. Let's play the Leonard Malton movie
game. Let's do that. I'd say get on with it. I would say at some point, let's start playing
the fucking thing. This was like Nicholas Nicolby, man. It was an eight act play of how to play
a game. Our friend David Butler leans up and goes, it's like $20,000 pyramid except you can't
use your hands. I'm like, yeah, yes. I have made my stance on Erin's love of game play
versus the incredible deficit between her ability to do it functionally. I've gone on record.
I've been very candid about it. Let's play a new segment in Harmontown. She proposed,
let's do a segment. We don't know anything about it other than its title. It's called
Erin McGathy's Game Corner. Do you want to pick a theme song or anything? Let me see what I got.
Say it again. It's called Erin McGathy's Game Corner.
Thanks for that intro, guys. Super supportive. Really nice.
This isn't supposed to be a bit about how I'm bad at explaining games.
Welcome to Erin McGathy's Game Corner. The two players in tonight's game are Dan Harmon and
Jeff Davis. If we can have them sit in the McGathey Game Corner seats. The game tonight is the
Anthony game. Everyone plays it all the time. The Anthony game. Is there an Anthony in the
audience who I interviewed earlier? Anthony, come on down. Let's go to the round of applause for Anthony.
Also, is there anybody precocious and in need of some stage time? Right now, just raise your
hand. Green shirt, you got a smiley face on it. You look cute. That's the guy that gave the
thumbs down to Dumbledore. Come on down. What is your name, smiley face? Justin.
Tonight's game is the Anthony game. Before the show, I walked out and I saw Anthony in line
and I interviewed him about his life. The two of you are going to guess, you're going to answer
questions about Anthony's life. The first person to 15 points wins the McTrophy. Because my last
name is McGathey. McTrophy. There are four different categories that you can choose from
question-wise. Love, childhood, personality, and wild. Anthony, before we get started, can you tell
Jeff and Dana, what do you do, Anthony? I'm a PA. Are you a PA for anything right now? No, not
right now. I mainly work in post-production. What's your favorite sound effect? My favorite sound
effect? Just do it. I like the slide whistle. Let's hear what it sounds like. Perfect. That's all you
get to know about Anthony. Welcome to the Anthony game. So Jeff, you're going first. You can choose
from the category love, childhood, personality, or wild. Anthony and his girlfriend have been
dating for A. False. 15 points. You're a real hero. Anthony and his girlfriend have been dating
for A. One year, B. One month, C. He does not currently have a girlfriend. I hate to dog pile. I'm
going to go with C. That is correct. He does not currently have a girlfriend. One point on the
board for Jeff Davis. Your best years are ahead of you. Dan Harmon, you may choose from the
category love, childhood, personality, or wild. Personality. Before the show, Anthony described
himself as one of the four seasons. He's lying. He's white. Not the band. They're all white. I
thought you meant the four tops. He's Frankie Valley. Which of the four seasons, winter, spring,
summer, or fall, did Anthony describe himself as? Definitely fall. That is correct. He's wearing
autumnal colors even. He actually has the fall foliage colors. And his eyes are dying. Once
beautiful leaves, they're turning. He's falling into Anthony Gay. The game where Anthony gets
made fun of. There will only be one loser. There's going to be a cash prize for him, by the
way. I'll give it to him. Love, childhood, personality, wild. Anthony has A. Never broken
a bone. Or B. Never broken a sweat because he has a sweat gland disorder. Hey. You are
correct. Harmon, love, childhood, personality, wild. Love. His least favorite thing, Anthony's
least favorite thing about women, his pet peeve with women, his dates, is A, that they're
overly controlling. B, that they're overly sensitive. Or C, that they're overly slutty
bitches. My hook or my crook. He seems like a good kid. Sensitive or controlling. His biggest
complaint about women would be, I would say A, controlling, controlling. Anthony. B. Sensitive.
It's extra, whenever we don't get one right, it's like, oh, shit, another question. That
just added seven minutes to the show. We should start conferring together. We're going to open
up to the crowd. We're going to get this. The 10 point round. We enter the lightning
round. Entering the lightning round. Anthony's favorite part of the women's body is A, boobs,
B, but C, back, D, the top softest part of their head. Legs, legs, legs, legs. Back,
back, back. It's called the lungs. Anthony's celebrity crush. You have to wait until the
end of the question. Jennifer Anderson. Is A, Emma Watson, B, Kate Blanchett, C, Kira
Knightley. Go. Knightley. Watson. Yes, Dan is correct. It's Emma Watson. Anthony was born
in Denver, raised in A, Miami, B, Boston, C, New Orleans, D, Modesto, E, Cleveland. Jesus
Christ. D, D, F, A, B, C, F, Modesto, Miami, Boston. They're other ones. Miami, Boston,
New Orleans, C, Cleveland. Yes, Jeff is correct. This game has loopholes, Dan. You can just
say them all. Remember them all and say them in order. That one was hard because there
was 11. That kind of threw us. The human brain remembers seven things. When Jeff does
T, A hurts my feelings. B makes me feel bad about myself. C makes me feel insecure. All
right. Here we go. Childhood. Anthony, we're all very, we're friends. I know. Okay. All
right. Anthony's favorite show. I'm just making fun of you. That's fine. Your bit implies
that you would actually prefer if we were very stoic and took it all reason. That would
be fucking a horror. Play the game, Herman. You don't want us to take this seriously.
No, I don't. Maybe my part of the bit is that I'm reacting to what you're doing.
All right. We're all yes-yending each other. It's like Inception, which is my favorite
movie. All right. When Dan and I have sex, he, A, makes me wear a tie, B, makes me wear
boots, D, makes me come here and gel it, D, makes me pretend that I'm controlling a
show. No laugh. I'm sorry. That was a bit hard. Dustin, edit that out. All right. Here
we go. Anthony's favorite. Leave it in. That stays in the fucking cut. I'm really sorry.
Halfway done, you guys. Cirque du Soleil is coming out at the break. Anthony's favorite
show as a child was, A, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, B, She-Ra, C, Simpsons, B, The New
Kids on the Block cartoon show. Simpsons. New Kids on the Block cartoon show. She-Ra.
Simpsons is correct. He's not old enough for She-Ra. You dumbass. All right. The first
person to describe, sorry, Anthony's sibling situation, like how many brothers and sisters
are there? Suicide. Will they, won't they? Abject shame. I made up a new word that's
a compound word. Abject shame. All right. I'll take the answer. Who said hot? Me. So I've
got 14 points. All right. Final question. Final. But we're tied at 14, right? Final
question. I'm not good at math, but I'm pretty sure we're tied. Justin? This is the final
question. It's worth 80 points. There we go. That's the stuff. Was he brought up A, Methodist,
B, Baptist, C, Catholic, D, Pentecostal? I know this. My vote, D. What? Pentecostal. Because
I know one other person from Cleveland. He was Pentecostal. I'm going Pentecostal as well.
That is incorrect. I'll give you another chance to pick your answer. Presbyterian. Methodist.
What was the, Baptist? No. I'll say Methodist. I'll say Baptist. Methodist. Catholic. Yes.
We did it. All right. Final score. Justin, here, let me get you on the mic. Final score.
Thank you, Aaron. Final score was Dan Four and Jeff 30 million and 11. Let's hear for
our scorekeeper, Justin. For Anthony, for enduring all of the scrutiny. And also for
Erin McGathy. Erin McGathy's Game Corner. Anthony, I'm giving you a crisp one day of
PA pay. Yes. That was fucking rough on him. That was rough. Well, yeah, Anthony wants to
say something. I think he's entitled. I think that's the best version of a game show about my
life that there could be. Jeff just matched the hundred. So Anthony walked away, $200 richer,
just an irreplaceable piece of his soul shy. I'm sure that's... Did anyone else in here
sympathize most with me? Just really put yourself in my shoes. Who cares whether she's good
or bad or whether he's right or wrong? What about me? Put yourself in my shoes in the sitcom
of my life. These two going at each other. It's a rough life for me. This is happening
to me. I think she's fantastic. I think you're fantastic too, Jeff. I wish you would just
fucking get it over with. I think she thinks the same thing about us and...
Now, Dan, I know that we might have drifted kind of far afield, but tonight we announced
that the topic tonight was technology. So let's roll into these technology questions.
Dan Harmon, as a dutiful mayor of Harmontown, went amongst the attendees here, the loyal
Armenians, and went out and asked people technology questions. I pulled a few out of the bucket
here. Would you like me to crack this off, Dan?
Yes, yes, yes. Crack it, crack it.
In no particular order. Let's do...
By the way, tonight's question round is brought to you by a sponsor. This is what Jeff and
I decided we were going to do. We're going to break the mold with sponsorship. We're not
going to just do the Adam and Eve spot that you hear on other podcasts. There's like a
couple of people who are financing podcasts right now. We're the early days of this new
medium, and what's happening is there's a couple of sponsors that are kind of bank-rolling
everybody. We have overhead. You saw us give a couple of hundreds to Anthony just through
it, Adam. Destroyed your soul. Here's... I have a hundred, kid. We got that kind of overhead.
We're going to hold out. We're not going to do spots for sex toys or whatever you hear
on This Feels Terrible or any of those podcasts, or Marc Maron. Coming for you, bro. We want
the big ones. We're going to pioneer. I want Nike. The way we're going to get Nike isn't
going to be by going hat in hand. We're going to do spots for free for fucking Adidas until
Nike begs for mercy. Do you hear that, Nike? Fuck faces? You give us our fucking money,
or we're going to keep promoting Adidas. You pieces of shit. The tables are turned.
Dan, N-word. I own both Nike and Adidas. I'm wearing Adidas because those Nike people,
they just won't fucking pick up the phone. They don't give a shit what people think.
George Bush and Nike don't give a shit about black people. Adidas, I think they helped
in Katrina. I didn't do any research, but I'm pretty sure they...
Adidas flew in a giant shoe and everybody got in it. I'm pretty sure Adidas loves everyone
of all colors, and I'm wearing the shoes to prove it. This run is brought to you by Adidas,
Nike. Harmon, let's see here. I like TV. I like the internet someone posits. Does
internet hurt TV overall? Yeah. All right, next question. Shit. You see Aaron, it can
be done. There's a lot of robot questions. I want to get to some robot questions here.
Here's one I liked a lot. Is the singularity nigh, and if so, how will it affect my sex
life, be as specific as possible? Is the physical singularity, the possible of all mass
and matter in the universe, re-coalescing into one infinitely dense point? That's the opposite
of the Big Bang, right? No, is that what... Wait, so come up here, sir. Come up here. Tell
us what the singularity is, just to... Is it a sitcom? I just watched Terminator,
Sarah Connor Chronicles, and they defined it. Come on, robots. Become so smart that they
can replicate themselves with smarter versions of robots. That's what they said.
All right. Is that... Can I get a second nerd pinion? All right, you come up here. This
guy's got a shirt on that says, God is a Moog. You're not a musician. It's okay. So
technological singularity, when technology becomes so advanced that it exceeds human
intelligence. Like Skynet. Yeah, like Skynet. You guys are not enemies of each other. The
singularity does come. They're going to drive a wedge between you. You're going to be in
the same trench, using dogs to detect rubber people. Get along. Raise your standards. Lower
them. All right. No, the singularity is not nigh because of capitalism. You can't make
a fucking flash drive that works on two computers in the same day. We are a long ways. We have
to have a complete societal collapse before we're able to make technology that actually
functions in a cohesive way. We're still trying to figure out... We're all caught up. We have
so much technology right now. We could make anything we wanted. We have the technology
to make like a robot dude that would walk around in high five everybody. We just can't do it
because the Sony says, well, it should have a memory stick in it. And then Microsoft is
going, I think it should have a micro bead. All right, Harmon. Another question. What
fictional piece of technology would you most like to see in real life? For example, hover
boards, they say. What fictional piece of technology would you like to see in real life?
Right, right, right. Oh, that's great. That's fucking great. That's so great it'll destroy
the show because I have to think about it so long. It's like asking a fat kid what kind
of hot dog. Because I'm going to go with wizard sleeve. Hey, that exists, man. It's right down
the street. I'm torn between... I want virtual reality on a level where the video games are
just like holodeck, holodeck. I want to be able to simulate fictional realities. That's
the fictional science that I want more than anything. Because teleportation, all you're
going to be able to do is go to Afghanistan really fast. It's still shitty there. I want
video games to be so good that I don't care that Afghanis are outside my door. They're
really very upset. I want to spend the last years of my life pretending I'm Sherlock Holmes
and solving the case of the missing pussy. Easiest case to solve in my version. I'm knee
deep in it. Elementary, my dear Watson. Dan, what rights do robots have? Three. Robots
don't have rights. This is a popular thing in fictional... We look forward to this day
as a singularity issue too. We're going to eventually create life. This is what humans
do. The mythology I think is very interesting. I believe... I think Joseph Campbell hinted
at this. Props, Joey. I read a book, one of Joseph Campbell's books. He referred to the
lock-and-tumbler type of instinct. There's another type of instinct, which is an open-ended
instinct. An example of that is a species of moth that they studied where they noticed
that the female of the species had a certain shade color of their wings. The males preferred
the ladies that had a darker shade. They made an unreasonably dark-winged moth that was
just a fake moth, a Jessica Rabbit moth. The male moths wouldn't even... At the detriment
of their own species, you could put a real live moth in a cage with this other moth and
you just put this fake-ass Jessica Rabbit moth in there. The male moth would just hump
this fucking piece of cardboard because it was darker even though it wasn't even possible
to see it. Campbell refers to this open-ended instinct. Some organisms are capable of thinking...
Here's a great example of lock-and-tumbler, just to contrast it more. I find this shit
so fascinating. There are chicks, baby chicks. There's a species of hawk that fly over chicken
coops. Chicks, when they see its silhouette in the sky, they'll head for cover. They made
a model of a hawk and they ran it over the chicken coop. The chicks run for cover. Then
they ran it over backwards and the chicks didn't run for cover because it wasn't the exact
image that the chick needs to see to make it run for cover. It was flying backwards.
A newborn chick, just born with a script that it was running. If it doesn't fit the cue
exactly, then the chick doesn't engage in the behavior instinctively. Contrast that with
a moth that wants to fuck the darker chick the better. Humanity's mythology is an open-ended
instinct for the behavior that we want to emulate. We have a blueprint on our nervous
system. We know the qualities that a perfect being possesses. Our gods are the things that
we want to become. We know that our job is to cheat death. We know that it's to populate
the universe. We know that we need to create life. Look at what we do to ourselves in the
pursuit of perfection. Our perfection has nothing to do with ourselves. We kill ourselves.
We literally kill each other and ourselves. A plane goes down and we don't make planes illegal.
We go, 500 people. Fuck it. I hope tomorrow's better, but we gotta fucking do some shit.
We gotta get on the moon. We have an open-ended instinct for perfecting ourselves. One of
those things is we are absolutely obsessed, obsessed with, you see that you Google it
and it's just like these Japanese robot legs. We almost got it. We almost got it. We can
make a fucking weird thing go up the stairs and it unsettles us. We're almost there. We
want to make people. We want to make ourselves and we will do it. We're going to fuck ourselves
over. They're going to murder us. They will. That's the singularity. I didn't know there
was a word for it, but they're going to fucking kill us because they're going to be better
than us and we're going to be happy to die. Somebody told me once, it was Stephen Notley,
the creator of Bob the Angry Flower, the only Canadian I've ever liked. That's going to
cost me a couple listeners. Take that, North America. Take that half of the English-speaking
continent. He and I were talking science one night. He's a huge awesome nerd. He was talking
about this thing that he read about the idea that information is the only thing that's
evolving and that humans are the patsy, that genetically passed information. Humans inventing
computers represents us passing on the ability to store more information in a more compact
space than the universe was able to assemble on its own using just these kind of molecules
that are in our cells. We've gotten to the point where these cells in our bodies are just
these little computers and they're tightly coiled like little X and Y chromosomes. Not
in ropes wrapped around each other, compressed so hard and when they have to reproduce, they
unravel and they're like a million miles long and they're just like tangled up. That's the
technology you're limited to if you haven't invented computers yet and you can't make a
lot of a big bang. You can only make a bunch of molecules run into each other so we represent
the cutting edge. We are the Apple laptop of biological information storage and we are
now what are we doing? What are we obsessed with? To the absolute exclusion of ourselves.
There are people starving in the streets. We're stepping over them on our way to develop
what technology we need to create ways to store more information than we can store and I really
do have this unsettling feeling that once we do it, we're just going to be monkeys hanging
out and we're going to find out we've been had. Well somebody asks here Dan, is the technological
revolution the beginning of the human evolution into cyborgs? Yes. That's right, that's right.
But they won't even look like cyborgs. It's just going to be this floating thing and part
of what I said earlier, humanity needs to give itself more credit. Where are we headed that's
fucking beautiful. Who do you hate your neighbor? Do you think he's racist? Do you think he's
a pedophile? Do you think he's greedy? Do you think he's mad at you? Do you think he's
greedy? Whatever he is, at least he's human. He's not an ant yet. So much of what we try
to do, it's the best intentions but we police each other. I go, Daniel, don't make a rape
joke, we caught you. It's fascism and we're clamping down on each other as we enter this
age of internet, like everyone's saying shit in comedy clubs that they feel free to say.
And then now it goes up on YouTube and then everyone, now you're doing this new Elizabethan
age of like, fuck you, I caught you. We want to put this fucking clamp on each other. To
what end? When are we going to be perfect? And what is that perfection going to resemble?
We are going to be fucked over. We've got to embrace the animal side of us. We feel
something. When we feel hatred, at least we're at least there's something happening there
that doesn't happen with giraffes, sharks, fucking ants and whatever this thing we're
creating is. We should tread carefully. I said last week, I don't know if I made the
final edit but we need a pro-human code because we are just this close. We're going to do
it. We're going to make these things and they're going to be more important to us and
they're going to, we need to be prepared to say to those things, fuck you, we're more
important because we're stupid or ignorant. We're angry. We have hormones. Something's
valuable about this or not but that's the side we need to be on. Maybe they are better
than us, these things that we're going to create. Fuck them. Have you ever been jealous of
someone? Fuck them. That's like human instinct. Jealous of you. I don't want you to
succeed. I hate you. You're better than me. It's like parents and their children. That
incredible jealousy that some parents have over their children. Yeah, we're going to
make these things that are going to eat us up. In a certain sense, they're already doing
it. The devices, the things we carry in our pockets, they're swallowing us up. They're
changing the way we have sex with each other. They're changing what we say to each other.
Every time, what are we doing in the meantime? We're all gathered around this big, giant
fucking cyborg that we're going to build and it's going to eat us. That giant cyborg,
whether he eats us or not, he will be wearing Adidas shoes. Yes. That's thank you for
getting to my point. Because that cyborg will make the logical choice for comfortable
footwear. Nike. And until such time as I get a giant fucking check from an unnamed
company, I'm not going to change my position on that. All right, let's do that. Dan, do
you want to pick a number of words to answer some questions I have in my hand right now?
Do you want to limit yourself? I say we leave it to one of the two black people in the
front row. I just noticed I've ignored you, which either makes me less or more racist.
I don't know. Two black harmonetownians in the front row, I say, we'll turn our attention
to you, sir. What's your name? NT? N-T-I? Cyborg. Cyborg. That's how they're going to get us.
That's what it is, that Skynet, of course, the first cyborgs will be black because we
won't question them as much. If he's in a Starbucks, you're just happy to have him. It
makes you feel less guilty. You're not going to, like, corner him and ask him, why are
you listening to that weird modem sound? You'll start listening to a modem sound. You
fucking love it. It'll seem hip. All right, anyways. NT. N-T-I. NT. Pick a number between
two and six. Four. All right. Forward answers. Thank you, NT. Forward answers. Thank you.
Sorry, racist. Sorry. Here we go. All right. Where should I go to survive the robot
apocalypse of 2014? Flagstaff, Arizona during Christmas. That's not random. I'll explain
later. What is a swamp donkey? Part donkey, part swamp. Should robot marriage be legal?
Only among consenting robots. Nice. Pen or techno pen? Obviously, techno pen. N-word.
N-word. All right. Thank you very much for coming, everybody. That's been Harmontown.
We love you all. Thank you. Music. Olivia Newton, John, and EO. All right. We did it.
Thanks for coming, guys. You were a joy. You were a fantastic audience. Wonderful. Tell
that to the next audience, whatever you figured out. You guys are really great. Thank you
so much for coming down. A couple of quick thank yous right now. I want to thank Katie
Levine for doing our audio recording. Zac McKeever, our tech guy, Emily Gordon, producer
for our live show. Danielle Cramer, program director. Justin Marshall, our podcast producer.
Mo Fathelbab, onsite director. And Jenny Fine, our fantastic artist. Thank you so much
for coming down. Also, thank everybody here at the beautiful NerdMelt Theater. I'm Jeff
Davis, your comment controller. One more time for your mayor, Dan Harmon.